with the very good ones, how are you doing?
it's good this is the first video of
channel in which I will explain which
would be the lisandra and how good
explain the purpose skills would be
the daughter page of the ice after a
pronouncement of life
and hitting is a person with the passive
the cooling that the passive has and
so we will have it way more quickly
solidarity is a fragment of ice and
Sandra is related true that
break the part of the first enemy to be
one that inflicted his year and a half
speed increasing for a brief
period of time the enemies that are
killing the target they also receive dale
well basically more or less like the
javelin levels and part of new and
pupa makes the third skill is the
ring stepping to catch closer and
immobilizing a period of time you
you can talk about your enemy in the room
Frost ring and data
immobilized these serve very well for
escape for when they do that not something
the plant in flooded would be way
to step in front of a straight line of
lagarde duel slow and the reporter
that even give our enemies that
always on its way to active governance in a
path of grace and save yourself transport
of orientation of the extra claw for me
the units that I love the most though
have much hidden but one of the
plus one of the skills that most
love the song is to stretch the hand
it is sweeping drag its way all the
world in fall
and when the marked point arrives
we can escape from enemies with
they can buy for it also and
the last one would be the launches
becomes invulnerable
and the nearby
this purchase more
it does not make you
one
we take and this ice area is that of the
girl says burial
with the day
for the life that has those of the grave and
this is a clan a great harm we can
do with lisandra good life and
would be the next one first we
we will remove in a few we will begin with that
how do you want to start with the transit of
crystal versions of human life
as you want to see almost three portions or
as you want but
the definitive one would be the boots of
magician
from my
we do not do
villains
a moment of the day and a life like
you want
in the afternoon and it is very fast
this is more or less points
and the way of lysander's abilities
the doubts the new ones would advise to enter
federality
with the mana generation ability
basically a little bit of penetration
magical and already all that
you go more campaign 2 and the masterships are
those that will be on screen more or less
always the one that uses the preparation the
they need a lot of speed a lot of damage
and they are only recommended
they like pretty good
different
in being married
never stopped I will also try to do
parties other suppliers and that so that
We invite the everything in your life
alcalá
they have also begun to subscribe
ah
OK, good bye